["God Bless America" plays]
♪ God bless America ♪
"AGT" is the Super Bowl
of entertainment.
♪ Land that I love ♪
♪ Stand beside her ♪
This show is the voice
of the people.
♪ And guide her ♪
♪ Through the night with
the light from above ♪
Let's get this show started!
♪ From the mountains ♪
This show is about
the American dream.
♪ To the prairies ♪
We just witnessed
absolute brilliance.
[imitating Chewbacca]
I think we just watched
history in the making.
People at home are talking
about this moment.
♪ God bless ♪
Oh!
♪ America ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ My home sweet home ♪
I'm gonna remember
this moment
for the rest of my life.
♪ ♪
So where you coming from?
North Dakota.
Originally from Texas.
Indiana.
California.
Chicago.
Talent is in the house.
This show can change you.
You have an opportunity
for your dreams to come true.
If you believe in yourself,
you can do anything you want.
Let's go!
[cheering]
♪ I'm fired up you fired up ♪
all: Okay.
♪ I can't hear you ♪
♪ I'm fired up you fired up ♪
[all cheering]
There's that Detroit.
Yeah.
Detroit.
You all know I'm from Flint?
Oh.
[all cheer]
The Detroit Youth Choir
is a community-based choir.
We have a lot
of inner-city kids.
Some of them have
bad home situations
or they could be in the
streets. There's violence.
We give them
something positive
to come and be a part of.
You all ready?
Yes.
You nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous,
but I'm ready for this.
Mr. White knows things that
Detroit children go through,
so he's able to help us
feel safe
and fix those things
through music or dance.
All right, here we go.
You can take that little bit
of talent and pour some water
on it and grow it.
Be proud of what
you represent, okay?
For sure.
All right, give me a hug. Aw.
Let me tell you, Mr. White,
people like you are the reason
I am where I am right now,
and let me tell you,
all it takes is one person
to believe that you can do it,
and you have that,
and that's more than so
many people have on this Earth.
Our mission is to show
that young people
from Detroit can be somebody.
[cheers and applause]
[uplifting orchestral music]
♪ ♪
They're still coming.
Whoo!
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Now that is an entrance.
Welcome.
Thank you.
And tell us who you
are, please.
We are
the Detroit Youth Choir.
[cheers and applause]
Detroit.
Okay, and you are obviously
the choir director.
Yes, I'm the choir director,
Anthony White.
Anthony White,
nice to meet you.
Tell me how this choir came up.
What was the idea
behind it, please?
Well, I've been the director
of this wonderful youth group
for a little over 21 years.
Oh, wow.
And we're here to let
the world know
that we have some
wonderful young people
in the city of Detroit,
and--yes.
[cheers and applause]
They all have great grades,
and they're all talented.
Wow. Is he strict?
Yeah.
[laughter]
But you're all friends.
Yeah.
Okay, so what would you love
or dream of happening
if you do well on this show?
A million dollars, you know?
That's--
[laughter]
I like her.
I actually love choirs,
and we've never had
a choir win the show.
Well, this could
be the first.
Okay.
Well, good luck.
Let's do it.
[cheers and applause]
all: ♪ Can we go back? ♪
♪ This is the moment ♪
♪ Tonight is the night ♪
♪ We'll fight till it's over ♪
♪ So we put our hands up ♪
♪ Like the ceiling
can't hold us ♪
♪ Like the ceiling ♪
♪ Can't hold ♪
♪ Us ♪
[upbeat music]
DYC, get up
on the dance floor.
♪ Looking for a better way
to get up out of bed ♪
♪ Instead of getting
on the Internet ♪
♪ And checking a new hit,
we up ♪
all: ♪ Thrift shop,
pimp-strut walking ♪
♪ Little bit of humble,
little bit of cautious ♪
♪ Somewhere between like
Rocky and Cosby ♪
♪ Sweater game, nope, nope,
y'all can't copy ♪
Oh!
♪ My posse's
been on Broadway ♪
♪ And we did it our way,
grown music ♪
♪ I shed my skin
and put my bones ♪
♪ Into everything I record ♪
♪ And yet-yet-yet-yet
I'm on ♪
Trust me, on my I-N-D-E-P-E-
N-D-E-N-T, we hustlin' ♪
♪ Chasing dreams
since we was 14 ♪
♪ With the four-track,
bussin' ♪
♪ Halfway cross that city
with the backpack ♪
♪ Fat cat crushing ♪
all: ♪ Can we go back? ♪
♪ This is the moment ♪
♪ Tonight is the night ♪
♪ We'll fight 'til it's over ♪
♪ So we put our hands up like
the ceiling can't hold us ♪
♪ Like the ceiling
can't hold us ♪
Yeah!
all: ♪ Can we go back? ♪
♪ This is our moment ♪
♪ Tonight is the night ♪
♪ We'll fight 'til it's over ♪
♪ So we put our hands up
like the ceiling hold us ♪
♪ Like the ceiling
can't hold... ♪
♪ Na, na, na,
na, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Na, na, na,
na, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Can we go back? ♪
Whoo!
all: ♪ Like the ceiling
can't hold us ♪
♪ Like the ceiling
all: ♪ This is our moment ♪
Yeah!
Whoa!
[wild cheering]
Wow.
Whoo!
Oh, my God.
That was their moment.
[gentle piano music]
♪ ♪
This was your moment.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
The dancing and the singing
and the rapping,
it's so much more than you
expect from any other choir.
I love you.
I love you all.
Oh, you know,
it starts with the people.
Yes.
And the people--you guys came
together and created something
that was traditional
like a choir,
and you took it and went
so fresh, it was so fun.
The choreography,
I was up on my feet.
[screams]
I love it.
[laughter]
Gabrielle?
First, let me ask
the little one
who's hiding in the back.
Can she step forward?
Ah, yeah!
I didn't see her.
♪ ♪
How do you feel?
Good.
Good? You feel like you
did a great job?
Thank you.
Yes, well, I--yes.
Let me thank you,
because what we all
just witnessed here tonight
was nothing short
of absolute brilliance.
[cheers and applause]
Wow. You're cool.
This was not expected.
If you can keep doing this
where every performance
is the last thing
you would expect a choir to do,
you could win this.
[cheers and applause]
Guys, let's vote.
Let's start with Howie,
yes or no?
Oh, you know what?
I want to--
Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait. Wait. I'm--
I'm so sorry
to interrupt you, Howie...
[voice breaking]
But I have to tell you...
Aw.
Every young man and woman
on this stage represents me
and where I came from.
[cheers and applause]
I remember sitting at my window
in Flint, Michigan, dreaming
and wanting to make it
and wanting to be here.
And they're here.
And they did so well
that I have to do this.
[wild cheering]
Let me tell you something.
Mr. White, all it takes
is one person to believe
in a young man or woman
for them to reach their dreams,
and you are that man, sir!
[wild cheering]
[all screaming]
♪ When I can't
feel a thing ♪
♪ You say I am strong
when I think I am weak ♪
♪ You say I am held
when I am falling short ♪
♪ When I don't belong ♪
♪ Oh, you say that
I am yours ♪
♪ And I believe,
oh, I believe ♪
Oh, my God, they got
the Golden Buzzer, y'all!
♪ What you say of me ♪
♪ I believe, oh, I believe ♪
Thank you so much.
Congratulations, kids.
You're incredible!
You did it!
You did it.
You are going to the live
shows in Hollywood!
[all cheering]
♪ ♪
[sobbing]
all: D-Y-C! D-Y-C! D-Y-C!
.
Man, are you ready
to go on "AGT"?
I am so ready.
All right, well, it's time.
Go right out there, Greg.
You got it.
Make yourself known.
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
Hello!
How are you?
I am so jazzed right now.
I can see that.
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
Okay.
And what's your name, please?
My name is Greg Morton.
And how old are you?
I'm 60 years old.
Are you really?
Oh!
You look amazing.
He looks good.
It's amazing.
He looks younger than me.
What is your act, Greg?
Well, I do a lot
of different voices.
When I was really little,
I used to do voices
for action figures.
"Hey, uh, come on over--"
you know--[chuckles]
And it was so cool.
Yeah?
So this is what
you're gonna do today?
This is what
I'm gonna do today.
Yes.
Well, there's
a million dollars up for grabs,
so good luck.
Thank you so much, you guys.
[cheers and applause]
Okay, here we go.
A long time ago,
in a galaxy far, far away...
[dramatic fanfare]
[imitating ventilation]
[as Darth Vader]
Join me, Luke.
Join me on the dark side.
[imitating lightsaber]
[as Luke Skywalker]
I'll never join you!
[imitates slash]
[screams]
[laughter]
[as C-3PO] Oh, no.
Master Luke.
[imitating R2-D2]
[imitating Jar Jar Binks]
I'm in the movie!
[imitates Salacious Crumb]
[imitating starfighters]
[imitating blaster firing]
[as Red Leader] Red Leader
to Gold Leader, standing by.
[as Gold Leader] Gold leader
to Red Leader, standing by!
Look out, Porkins!
[imitating static warbling]
[as Admiral Ackbar]
It's a trap.
[laughter and cheers]
[imitating Jabba the Hutt]
[cackles]
[laughter]
[as Palpatine] Yes,
go ahead, young Skywalker.
Join me and your father
on the dark side of the Force.
[cackles]
[as Yoda]
Do or do not.
There is no try.
Yes.
[imitating Chewbacca]
[dramatic music pounds]
[cheers and applause]
[Stevie Wonder's
"For Once in My Life"]
♪ ♪
My favorite movie
of all time!
[normal voice] Oh...
Wow.
That was great.
That was really good.
[weeping]
Oh.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Howie, I'm gonna
start with you.
I can't believe
we haven't heard your name,
and I can't believe
we haven't been to your shows.
And I can't believe that
there isn't a banner in Vegas
with your name
as the headliner on it.
Oh, thank you.
Gabrielle?
You know,
there's a lot of talent
just waiting
for an opportunity.
And sometimes it feels like,
will it ever be your turn?
It is your turn.
Oh. Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
And I am so grateful.
You're so talented!
You are so, so talented.
Thank you.
Julianne?
I have always
watched this show as a fan.
But I was
not expecting that at all.
I, honestly, I would
buy a ticket right now
and I would go
and see your show.
[laughs] Thank you so much.
That was actually
a very special moment, Greg.
Never seen anything like that.
And I was looking around,
because I noticed
the youngest people
in the audience,
the older people, every
single person got the act.
Which means you're
in the right place.
Howie, let's start with you.
It's a yes.
[laughs]
Two yeses.
Oh, thank you.
Three yeses.
You got four yeses.
Congratulations.
♪ I have
I have someone who needs me ♪
♪ ♪
Thank you!
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
Oh, that's great!
Greg, Greg.
Please, come here.
Yeah!
Hold up, could you do
a little more Chewbacca for me?
[imitating Chewbacca]
Oh!
[laughs]
.
Hello, hello.
Oh, my God.
I'm Terry Crews.
How are you?
I know you are.
Oh. What's your name?
I'm Benny.
I'm Benicio Bryant.
♪ ♪
I'm Benicio Bryant,
I'm 14 years old,
and I'm a singer.
Literally no one in my family
has any musical background
or ability.
So I never in a million years,
you know,
thought that I would be here
on "America's Got Talent."
Are you excited
to be performing
for the huge crowd
and the judges?
Oh, my gosh,
and I'm, like, kinda nervous.
You know, you just get that,
like, jitters of just like,
"Ah, I can't believe
I'm doing this."
♪ ♪
My biggest dream is to just
make my parents proud
and perform for the world.
Do you get
to perform a lot?
Yeah. [chuckles]
Well, yeah, just,
like, around, you know,
local coffee shops
and stuff like that.
Well, this is way bigger
than local.
This is way bigger
than some coffee shops.
You are about to
go out there right now.
Go do your best, Benny.
I'm with you, man.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, I appreciate that.
High five.
All right, have a good one.
Thank you very much.
All right, come on, Mom.
[cheers and applause]
Hi.
Hi. What's your name?
My name's Benicio Bryant.
How old are you?
I'm 14.
Are you singing for us?
Yeah, I'll be singing.
Amazing.
Well, why did you come
on "AGT"?
I've been watching the show
for so long. [chuckles]
And I wanted to come here
so that I could share
my music with the world
and, uh, I just--
I'm so excited.
[cheers and applause]
Well, we're excited too.
We ready?
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay, let's do it.
[cheers and applause]
["The Joke" begins]
♪ ♪
♪ You're feeling nervous ♪
♪ Aren't you boy ♪
♪ With your quiet voice ♪
♪ And impeccable style ♪
I already got chills.
♪ Don't ever let them
steal your joy ♪
♪ And your gentle ways ♪
♪ To keep 'em
from running wild ♪
♪ They can kick dirt
in your face ♪
♪ Dress you down
and tell you ♪
♪ That your place
is in the middle ♪
♪ When they hate
the way you shine ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Let 'em laugh ♪
♪ While they can ♪
♪ Let 'em spin ♪
♪ Let 'em scatter
in the wind ♪
♪ I have been to the movies ♪
♪ I've seen how it ends ♪
Yeah!
♪ The joke's on them ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Let 'em laugh ♪
♪ Let 'em spin ♪
♪ ♪
♪ The joke's on ♪
♪ Them ♪
[wild cheering]
[gentle music]
Yeah!
That's it, Benny!
♪ ♪
Wow, first of all,
what a song to choose.
You're the entire package,
and I just want to keep
hearing you sing.
Gabrielle?
You came out here
your complete, authentic self,
let your voice do the talking,
and you connected
with all of us.
Incredibly talented.
And I love
the denim-on-denim moment.
I like it.
Howie?
From the moment
the song started,
it built and built and built,
and I went,
how good is this gonna get?
And it got great.
Oh, my God, thank you.
You're amazing.
[cheers and applause]
Simon.
I tell you what,
for anyone who hasn't
been on that stage,
when you walk in there,
it's terrifying,
and I could see how scared
you were, how nervous you were.
Yet you pulled it together.
There's something about you,
and for some reason,
you remind me
of the very first time
I auditioned Harry Styles,
which was he had
this presence about him.
I think you're a real find.
Thank you so much.
Really.
Great.
That's fantastic.
All right, let's take a vote.
Gabrielle.
I mean, it's
"America's Got Talent,"
and you're loaded with talent,
so it's a yes from me.
[cheers and applause]
Oh, my God.
Howie.
Yes!
[cheers and applause]
I will give you
your third yes.
[cheers and applause]
Simon?
Benicio...
you got four yeses.
♪ Let 'em laugh
while they can ♪
♪ Let 'em spin ♪
♪ Let 'em scatter
in the wind ♪
I'm so proud of you.
♪ I've seen how it ends ♪
.
[relaxing woodwind music]
My mind is so Zen right now.
Take a big breath.
♪ ♪
Ah, push it out, same time.
[snoring]
Just like, "Ohm."
Just do that if you have to.
[exhales]
This act requires
strength, focus,
and calm mind.
This is the world's
number one show,
so we are very much excited
to get this chance.
♪ ♪
My goodness,
you are enormous.
Now look,
I have a size 14 foot.
This is 20.
This is a size 20 foot.
Look at that, ohh!
I'm just a baby!
Oh, and look at the hands.
Wait, we almost got
the same size hands.
Almost.
No, no, no.
[laughs]
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
I've never seen a man
that tall before.
OMG.
How tall are you?
I'm 7'6".
Whoo.
7'6". Wow.
Wow.
7'6".
Great to meet you.
What's your name?
My name is Karamjit.
And this is?
My name is Kawaljit.
My name is Jagdeep.
We are from India.
Great.
Bir Khalsa Group.
He's a policeman.
The tallest policeman
in the world.
[cheers and applause]
Okay, well, I don't think we
should ask any more questions.
I can see coconuts and melons.
[chuckles]
That's enough for me.
Thank you.
Listen, I don't know
what they're about to do,
but please, do not try
whatever you see at home.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
What is that?
[audience oohs]
He's putting salt
in his eyes.
Salt?
So he can't even, like,
try to peek.
It will burn.
♪ ♪
And a bag.
[scattered cheers]
♪ ♪
I'm now terrified.
Oh, man.
[cheering]
♪ ♪
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
♪ ♪
[screams]
How does he know?
Oh!
♪ ♪
[screaming]
[crowd gasps]
♪ ♪
Oh, no.
Whoa!
Oh!
[screams]
♪ ♪
Oh!
He's not even flinching.
♪ ♪
Oh!
[screaming]
No!
[screams]
Oh!
Somebody stop him!
[screaming]
His head, his head!
No!
[cheers and applause]
Oh, my goodness.
Wow.
Now that was a wow moment.
I gotta say,
I've been here for ten years
and seen, like, the craziest,
most dangerous thing
I have ever seen.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you very much.
I thought there was
gonna be death.
[laughter]
This was, like,
the scariest horror movie
I've ever seen.
You wowed us.
Thank you, ma'am.
Wow.
Julianne.
I honestly was blown away.
I've never seen
anything like this before.
It was delicious-looking.
Thank you, ma'am.
Thank you very much.
I'm on the edge of my seat.
That was unbelievable.
Where do we go next?
We have a lot of stuff.
You know what,
I'm not gonna ask.
Because I love you so much,
I want to give you
your first yes.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you very much.
[cheers and applause]
Julianne.
I say yes.
Thank you, ma'am.
Thank you very much.
You got your third yes.
Thank you, ma'am.
Thank you very much.
Howie?
It's four yeses.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you very much.
♪ If you like piña coladas ♪
♪ And getting caught
in the rain ♪
♪ If you're not into yoga ♪
♪ If you have half a brain ♪
Wow, wow.
I'm terrified to see
what they do next.
Crazy.
♪ In the dunes of the cape ♪
.
"America's Got Talent"...
Whoa, this is so cool.
[Martin Solveig &
Dragonette's "Hello"]
[phones chiming]
♪ ♪
all: Simon! Simon! Simon!
Simon!
♪ Came to say hello ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Hello ♪
I'm Ava.
I'm Holly.
I'm Sarah.
I'm Michela.
I'm Sienna, and we are...
all: GFORCE!
♪ ♪
What a minute,
what does GFORCE mean?
So "G" stands for "girl."
Girl.
And "force" is what happens
when we come together.
Listen, I feel the power.
I feel the power.
It's like, oh, my God,
you guys look like superheroes.
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicking]
We all grew up, like,
taking dance lessons
and music lessons,
and one day
we all met each other
and became, like,
super best friends.
So this is Zen G.
Sienna calms it down.
Okay, let's show them
what we do, okay?
Okay.
Waterfall.
[all imitating rushing water]
It works so well.
Michela is OG,
which stands for
"overprepared girl."
all: Sarah is Boss G.
As in, like, "boss girl."
all: Ava is Speedy G.
♪ ♪
Holly is Hype G.
Holly's energy is always,
like, up there.
Up in space.
♪ I just came to say hello ♪
Okay, are you guys ready
to do "America's Got Talent"?
all: Yes!
Okay, go out there, GFORCE.
♪ Hello ♪
[cheers and applause]
Hi.
Hello.
Oh, my God.
Here comes trouble.
[chuckles]
Am I right?
all: Ehh...
Yeah.
[laughter]
Okay, what's the name
of the group?
all: GFORCE!
Where are GFORCE from?
We're from Toronto.
Oh.
Yay!
[all cheering]
Yeah!
Canada!
I need your names
and ages,
starting with you, please.
I'm Sienna,
and I'm 12 years old.
Okay.
I'm Michela,
and I'm 12 years old.
I'm Ava,
and I'm 11 years old.
I'm Sarah,
and I'm 12 years old.
I'm Holly, and I'm ten.
I'm Howie, and I'm 63.
[laughter]
Who's the diva?
We don't really have one.
Yeah, right.
They all are divas.
Trust me, every group
or panel has a diva.
[laughter]
What are you gonna sing?
We're gonna sing
an original song.
What's the song about?
It's about going
to the top together
and not letting anyone
push you down.
Wow.
I mean, I love these girls.
I'm not gonna argue
with you five.
So just kill it.
all: Thank you.
She's so excited.
[cheers and applause]
[electronic music]
♪ ♪
♪ Break the internet,
we going viral ♪
♪ Don't be jealous
'cause we just girls ♪
♪ We're not teens yet but
we still gonna break the bank ♪
♪ We don't like to say we
might, or maybe, no, or never ♪
♪ We got our eyes up on the
prize, are ready for whatever ♪
Wow.
♪ GFORCE we in
the front of the race ♪
♪ GFORCE we always up
in your face ♪
♪ You probably say that I'm
too young to be the president ♪
♪ Hollywood first
then White House resident ♪
♪ Okay so go a little easy ♪
Hey! [laughing]
♪ We'll be as big as Kanye ♪
♪ But we don't need
them Yeezies ♪
♪ Break the internet,
we going viral ♪
♪ Don't be jealous
'cause we just girls ♪
♪ We're not teens yet but
we still gonna break the bank ♪
♪ Don't hate
'cause we just girls ♪
'cause it's our world ♪
♪ Don't hate,
don't, don't hate ♪
♪ Just break the bank ♪
♪ Break the internet,
we going viral ♪
♪ Don't be jealous
'cause we just girls ♪
♪ We're not teens yet but
we still gonna break the bank ♪
[wild cheering]
Julianne.
You are all female
empowerment divas,
and I love it.
Thank you.
That means a lot.
Gabrielle,
what do you think?
I've got an 11-year-old
in our house,
and I have
a very strong suspicion
that we will be hearing
this song
in the carpool lane...
On repeat.
Thank you.
[cheering]
You guys are absolutely,
like, rock stars.
I can definitely hear this
song on Radio Disney already.
all: Thank you.
Howie?
You're so emotional.
What are you thinking?
I don't know.
It's, like, so speechless
when, like,
you have a whole crowd
cheering for you,
and it just feels
so speechless.
[laughter and cheering]
Oh, my God.
Have you not worked in front
of an audience
like this before?
No, it's usually
just our parents
and ten other girls.
Yeah.
[laughter]
Well, you know,
you entertained us.
You made me feel like
a little girl again.
[laughter]
Thank you.
The only thing I would say
is this all about
being authentic.
You know, you're very cute,
very ambitious.
The audience liked you.
A group your age should be
having fun, telling us.
We should be learning from you,
not the other way around.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
I think there's more to come.
Thank you.
Okay, we're gonna vote.
Howie?
Yes.
Thank you!
Gabrielle.
Oh, yes.
Thank you!
Two.
Julianne.
Are you kidding me?
Yes!
Thank you.
You've got four yeses.
♪ Break the internet,
we're going viral ♪
♪ Don't be jealous
'cause we just girls ♪
♪ We're not teens yet but we
still gonna break the bank ♪
Bye. Thank you.
Thanks!
♪ Don't hate
'cause we just girls ♪
Gonna break the bank.
Yeah.
[laughter]
all: G-F-O-R-C-E!
[all cheering]
♪ Break the internet,
we going viral ♪
♪ Don't be jealous
'cause we just girls ♪
♪ Gonna break the bank ♪
.
[cheers and applause]
[rousing music]
Just hearing that there's
over 2,000 people just live
over there is--
I'm really nervous.
My name is Eric Chien.
I'm 26 years old.
And I'm a magician
from Houston, Texas.
Growing up, I liked
watching magic shows on TV.
It really did make me believe
that there is magic
out there in the world.
[soft dramatic music]
I told everyone that
I'm going to be a magician.
A lot of people doubted me,
but that's all I wanted to do.
So I just focused on my dream.
Magic helped me
get through tough times.
After college, I was called back
to Taiwan for military service.
And my whole world
was flipped upside-down.
I couldn't bring
any personal stuff.
No cards, no coins, nothing.
I could no longer do magic,
and we couldn't do anything
outside of military duties,
and it felt like
I just lost my identity.
So when I came back out,
I didn't have my confidence.
And I kind of lost who I was
and I tried to
find myself again.
So I have actually only
started performing recently.
And I'm still trying to learn
how to deal
with a big audience.
♪ ♪
I know last year's winner
of "America's Got Talent"
is Shin Lim, and that
really puts the pressure on me.
I'm following in the footsteps
of one of the best
in the world,
and it's a whole nother level
of nervousness.
I can't stop shaking my hands.
This is the biggest
performance of my life,
and I only have
one shot of doing this.
So I'm just gonna
give it my all,
and I really hope that
they enjoy my act tonight.
There you go, brother.
All right.
Make it happen!
[cheers and applause]
Hello.
Take a deep breath.
Take it all in.
And tell me your name.
My name is Eric Chien.
And what do you do?
I am a magician.
Okay.
You do that for a living?
Uh, I've only
started performing
for the past six months.
[crowd murmurs]
Oh, wow.
And here on "AGT,"
magic is king.
Yes, I saw Shin Lim's act,
but I think we're
two very different people.
And...
Who's better?
[crowd groans]
[laughter]
[sighs] Yeah.
You know what?
Good luck.
[cheers and applause]
Go ahead.
He's so nervous.
Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
Wow!
♪ ♪
[crowd exclaims]
Look, it turns blue!
[cheers and applause]
What?
Oh!
Whoa!
[cheers and applause]
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[crowd exclaiming softly]
[cheers and applause]
[crowd exclaims]
♪ ♪
[tense music]
[rousing dramatic music]
[crowd exclaims]
[cheers and applause]
[pensive music]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
[crowd exclaims]
[cheers and applause]
[applause]
[crowd exclaims]
[dramatic music pounds]
♪ ♪
[crowd exclaims]
Whoa!
[music halts]
[dramatic music pounds]
No!
[cheers and applause]
[Banners' "Someone To You"]
♪ ♪
Unreal.
You know what?
Most magicians do
that kind of suave,
kind of, like, ta-da,
"I got you."
You look more confused
than any of us.
[laughter]
You're looking like,
"Well, where did it go?
Where did it--"
And I love that!
Thank you so much.
That means a lot to me.
Thank you.
♪ Dive and disappear
without a trace ♪
Gabrielle?
I think I'm just as baffled
as the audience.
Like, how?
Eric, you are magic.
It is your time to step up
and claim your place
amongst the best.
Thank you so much.
You are amazing.
[cheers and applause]
Julianne?
The fact is
you don't have to
compare yourself to anybody.
And I'm really glad that
you showed up as you.
♪ I just wanna
be somebody to someone ♪
Simon?
Couldn't have put it better.
You know, Eric, genuinely,
I mean, this was
in a different level.
It was actually
unbelievably good.
And what I really love
about you as well
is that you're so humble,
you don't even know
how good you are.
The future is in your hands
from this moment on,
because I think you're one of
the best we've ever had.
[cheers and applause]
So it's four yeses.
Thank you so much.
♪ Oh I wanna be
somebody to someone ♪
♪ Oh wanna be
I loved him.
I'm still, like, how?
♪ Someone to you ♪
.
♪ Hands, put your empty
hands in mine ♪
I cannot believe
you are here.
[gasps]
I'm leaving you guys.
You guys are gonna do
something great.
♪ 'Cause I'm gonna
stand by you ♪
We are so proud of you.
So proud of you.
♪ Even if you can't
find heaven ♪
I have all
the faith in you guys,
and I know he does.
You got this.
Don't cry.
Be strong.
You got it, baby.
All right,
go impress the judges.
Go do your thing.
♪ I'm gonna stand by you ♪
Oh, my God.
[cheers and applause]
♪ I'm gonna stand by you ♪
Hi.
What's your name?
My name is Tyler.
First of all,
I love your shoes so much.
Thank you.
How old are you, Tyler?
I'm 11 years old.
[cheers and applause]
So it looks like
you have the violin.
When did you
start playing violin?
Well, I started playing
the violin when I was 7 1/2.
And what made you get into
playing violin?
I wanted to start
playing the violin
because I was being
bullied in school.
Aww.
Oh, man.
Do you know why
you were being bullied?
It's because I had cancer.
I almost died.
[audience awws]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
My name is
Tyler Butler-Figueroa,
and I'm from North Carolina.
I was diagnosed with cancer
at the age of 4 1/2.
Leukemia is a cancer
in the blood.
One day we were out
to dinner,
and we said, "Something
doesn't look right with Tyler."
He turned kind of pale.
So a mother's instinct said,
let me get him
to the emergency room.
They was like,
"Let's take some blood work
and we'll be back."
The doctors came in, said,
yeah, he does have cancer.
[sniffles]
And, uh...
♪ ♪
It was the worst day
of my life.
The doctors treated me
with chemotherapy.
When I lost my hair,
I was really sad
and embarrassed at the same
time to go to school.
They used to make fun of me
and laugh at me,
because I was different.
They would spread rumors
to say that my cancer
was contagious
and they all wanted
to stay away from me.
One day, Tyler saw
a flyer at his school,
and it said,
"After school program.
Free violin lessons."
He was like, "Mom, I wanna
do it, mom, I wanna do it."
I was like, "But no one in our
family plays an instrument.
What--and the violin?"
I would just practice
in my bedroom,
and the more I did it,
the better I got.
Once he started that class,
it was like a sunshine.
He was just
full of energy, happy,
and I was like, "Oh, my God,
I got my son back."
When I play the violin,
it helps me forget
about all the bad stuff.
I just didn't want to be
the kid with cancer.
So now I'm the kid
who plays the violin.
[cheers and applause]
You got this.
We're rooting for you.
[cheers and applause]
[instrumental version of
Kelly Clarkson's "Stronger"]
[cheers and applause]
Oh, yeah.
♪ ♪
[lively violin music]
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger ♪
♪ Stand a little taller ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm lonely ♪
Yes!
♪ When I'm alone ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes a fighter ♪
♪ Footsteps even lighter ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm over
'cause you're gone ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger ♪
Whoo!
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Just me myself and I ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger ♪
♪ Stand a little taller ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm lonely
when I'm alone ♪
♪ When I'm alone ♪
[cheers and applause]
[wild cheering]
Yeah!
[Andy Grammer's
"Don't Give up on Me"]
Aww, he's emotional.
♪ I will fight ♪
♪ I will fight for you ♪
♪ I always do ♪
♪ Until my heart ♪
♪ Is black and blue ♪
All right, wow.
I just want to commend you
for taking something
that's probably been
one of the hardest things
you'll ever have to go through
and turning it around
and finding something
that brings you joy.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Simon.
Um, wow, wow, wow.
By the way, before I start,
how are you feeling now?
I'm feeling
really proud of myself.
Ah.
[wild cheering]
Whoa.
♪ I'll wait for you ♪
[cheers and applause]
And if you don't
mind me asking, Tyler,
how is your health now?
Well, I've been in remission
for almost four years.
♪ No matter what
this world will throw ♪
♪ It won't shake me loose ♪
You know what, you are
an extraordinary young man.
We hear too many stories
about people being bullied,
but I can tell you one thing,
most people are bullied
because they're better than
the people who bully them.
[cheers and applause]
You know that?
Thank you.
And I think you have
such an amazing talent,
such a personality,
and I would like
to say something
on your behalf to the bullies.
[audience oohs]
♪ 'Cause I'm not giving up ♪
♪ I'm not giving up,
giving up ♪
♪ No not yet ♪
♪ Even when I'm down
to my last breath ♪
♪ Even when they say
there's nothing left ♪
♪ So don't give up on ♪
♪ I'm not giving up ♪
♪ I'm not giving up,
giving up ♪
♪ No not me ♪
♪ Even when
nobody else believes ♪
♪ I'm not going down
that easily ♪
♪ So don't give up on me ♪
♪ ♪
How amazing are you?
Oh, my God.
How amazing
is your little boy?
Oh, thank you.
♪ I will fight ♪
Look at that.
Oh, my God.
Look.
[cheers and applause]
Every single person.
♪ I will fight for you ♪
[wild cheering]
You have an amazing talent.
Thank you, Simon.
Now, are you up for this?
Yes, we are.
Yeah?
We're up for it.
You're a winner, right?
Yes.
Okay. Can I shake your hand?
Thank you.
Yeah?
You enjoy every moment of this.
Tyler!
You are going all the way
to the live shows
in Hollywood!
[cheers and applause]
Everybody, please
give it up for Tyler!
[wild cheering]
♪ So don't give up on me ♪
.
[gentle music]
Guys, we are in
"America's Got Talent."
This opportunity
could change our life.
V Unbeatable?
Yes, yes.
Stage is ready for you guys.
Let's go, follow me.
Whoo!
Let's go!
[indistinct cheering]
[rousing dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
Hello!
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh.
They keep coming.
Welcome!
Hi.
How are you?
What's your group's name?
V Unbeatable.
And where are you from?
Mumbai, India.
Oh.
Oh, wow.
What's it like there?
Tell us more about your--
where you're from.
Life in Mumbai,
it's, like, very hard.
The life in slum,
they don't get proper water.
And everything there, like--
[sighs] sorry.
No, it's okay.
[tender music]
♪ ♪
We are V Unbeatable
Dance Group.
Our group consists
of 28 dancers,
age 12 to 27,
and we are from Mumbai, India.
Many of the members of
our group live in slums.
The slums are very crowded,
very dirty,
and they don't get
proper electricity.
Often seven to ten people
are staying in one room.
It is very challenging
to survive over there.
Each day, we pray
for a better life,
but in the slums,
there is very little
opportunity for us.
When we dance, we forget
all the tensions in our mind.
[overlapping chatter,
all cheering]
Yeah.
And we feel free.
♪ ♪
For the past two weeks,
we are not able to sleep.
This opportunity
could change our life,
and everyone wants to succeed
to give back to the families.
We used to see "America's
Got Talent" on YouTube.
We were like, "Can we
go here, like, some day?"
We were just
dreaming about it,
and today we are here.
I can't explain it in words.
It's our dream come true.
[cheers and applause]
If you win
"America's Got Talent,"
what do you want
to see for the group?
We want the world to know
who is V Unbeatable.
Good luck.
Let's see what you got.
Please take the mic?
[laughter]
all: [cheer]
[Vishal Dadlani's "Malhari"]
♪ ♪
[singing in Marathi]
[music slows, stops]
♪ ♪
[screams]
[crowd exclaims]
[music slows, stops]
♪ ♪
Whoa!
Oh!
[cheers and applause]
[Johnnyswim's "Diamonds"]
♪ In the wake of
every heartache ♪
♪ In the depth of every fear ♪
♪ There were diamonds
diamonds ♪
♪ Waiting to break out
of here ♪
I can't believe
what I just saw!
♪ We're the fire
from the sun ♪
♪ We're the light
when the day is done ♪
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you so much!
You guys blew us all away!
Thank you!
[cheers and applause]
You brought something
to this stage
that we have literally
never seen before.
Thank you.
It means a lot.
And we are better for it.
Thank you so much.
Julianne?
What we just saw
was absolute brilliance.
The team effort, the trust
that you put into each other,
you can tell that
this is a family,
where you guys come together
and you support each other.
And that's all that matters!
I'm blown away!
I think we just watched
history in the making.
[cheers and applause]
Howie?
Julianne just said
you just made history.
I'll tell you something, I think
you just made your future.
Whoa!
Thank you.
Simon?
This is certainly
one of the best dance acts
we've ever, ever had
on any of these shows.
Thank you so much, sir!
Thank you so much.
And you know what's fantastic
is that the show's called
"America's Got Talent,"
but actually, it's
"the world has talent."
And you trusted
an American audience
and you've seen the reaction.
This is a big deal.
This is gonna change your life.
I really do believe that.
[cheers and applause]
♪ We're the diamonds
diamonds ♪
I think this is
pretty, um, easy,
but let's take it to a vote.
On the count of three.
One, two, three.
all: Yes!
Yes!
♪ Rising out the dust ♪
♪ Oh rising out the dust ♪
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much!
Bye!
♪ Rising out the dust ♪
♪ ♪
That was incredible.
One of the best things
I've ever seen.
♪ ♪
[all cheering]
♪ Rising up out the dust ♪
♪ Oh rising rising rising ♪
♪ Oh ♪
.
♪ All the leaves are brown ♪
When was the moment
you knew you belonged
right here on
"America's Got Talent"?
I think the moment
I started talking.
Wow.
Yeah.
Man, I guess no pressure.
[soft laugh]
♪ On such a winter's day ♪
My name is Joseph Allen.
I am 21 years old.
I'm from Texas,
and I'm a singer/songwriter.
♪ I stopped along the way ♪
You okay?
Yeah, yeah.
I feel like I'm about to
look like a punk
in front of 15 million people.
But that's okay.
When I was two,
my parents, they divorced.
My mom remarried
and my dad remarried.
I grew up in a blended family.
I was the youngest
out of 12 of us.
My mom, my dad, my stepmom,
and my stepdad,
every single one of them
played a serious role
in--in my upbringing.
♪ California dreamin' ♪
When I told my dad
I was gonna be
on "America's Got Talent,"
my dad cried.
He's always known
that I've had this thing of
just, like, saying something
and then accomplishing it.
When I was younger,
when I said,
"I'm gonna be
a motocross racer,"
I just started training
watching YouTube videos
and, like, breaking bones.
And before I knew it,
I was winning races
and beating guys who
have been racing forever.
And it's the same
with the music.
I wrote a song for my mom,
and I recorded a video
of me singing the song,
and then I posted it
on Facebook.
And then people started
sharing it like crazy.
I'm still gonna be
your baby boy, Mama.
Love you.
I taught myself
how to produce,
how to mix music,
how to engineer.
And now I'm here.
I love you guys, man.
And we love you back.
And when I'm
done on the stage,
I want to be able
to look at them
and say,
"Yeah, I made them proud."
♪ On such a winter's day ♪
Go out there, Joseph,
and make it happen.
I'm gonna make a deal
with you really quick.
Yes.
If I get the Golden Buzzer,
you gotta come out there
and pick me up.
Oh, I got it.
All right.
Listen, I promise you that.
Sweet.
That's for real.
I will throw you
across the stage.
Go ahead.
Go, go, go.
[cheers and applause]
♪ ♪
Got a good smile.
Welcome.
What's your name?
My name's Joseph Allen.
Tell us about yourself.
I go to school
out in Phoenix, Arizona.
[cheers and applause]
Yeah--[laughs]
Do they also go to school
in Phoenix, Arizona?
I think they go
to my same school, yeah.
Okay.
[laughter]
Yeah.
And how old are you?
I'm 21.
What are you gonna do
here for us tonight?
I'm gonna--I'm gonna
perform a song
I wrote for you guys.
Oh, an original song?
Yeah, an original song, yes.
Yeah.
[cheers and applause]
And why did you decide
to enter the show this year?
I see myself as
being someone who can
make a major impact
in the world.
And I just want to see how much
of a footprint I can leave
on Earth before I leave.
[cheers and applause]
I am so intrigued.
Yeah.
You gotta let us see it now.
Good luck.
Thank you.
He's so cute.
You think this is serious?
I don't know.
Okay, okay.
Shh, shh.
[alternative R&B music]
♪ ♪
♪ In life
moments come and go ♪
♪ Take a shot
or you'll never know ♪
♪ Your heart will tell you
when it's time to move ♪
♪ Ask yourself
what you got to lose ♪
♪ When it storms
when it rains ♪
♪ It falls on all of us
the same ♪
♪ But after today ♪
♪ The world's gonna
know my name ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ Everybody back stage
please don't be scared ♪
♪ 'Cause up close Simon
looks just like a teddy bear ♪
♪ A couple steps up off the
stage watch how far that I go ♪
♪ And I'ma feed
my fam with this ♪
♪ And that's not bull Chi-cago ♪
♪ No, backtrack, put
the competition in my backpack ♪
♪ I'm trying to be incredible ♪
Yeah.
♪ Like my birth name
was Jack-Jack ♪
♪ And now I'm standing
on this stage here at "AGT" ♪
♪ Dreams do come true
and you can take it from me ♪
♪ Just one man who has drive ♪
♪ Determination in my eyes ♪
♪ If they don't say that
I worked hard for this ♪
♪ Trust me, they lied ♪
♪ Make the crowd say oh yeah ♪
♪ Knock it out like daylight ♪
♪ I'm all about pushing
the limits ♪
♪ Not bout pushing papers ♪
[music halts]
♪ Do you feel me ♪
♪ America, can you hear me ♪
♪ This young man's out here
chasing dreams ♪
♪ I hope you see that clearly ♪
Oh!
[music resumes]
♪ Man I put it on the line ♪
♪ Hey so I gotta make it now
before I'm out of time ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ In life moments come and go ♪
♪ Take a shot
or you'll never know ♪
♪ Your heart will tell you
when it's time to move ♪
♪ Ask yourself
what you got to lose ♪
♪ When it storms
when it rains ♪
♪ It falls on all of us
the same ♪
♪ But after today ♪
♪ The world's gonna
know my name-♪
[wild cheering]
[tender piano music]
Standing O!
♪ ♪
Oh, my gosh!
Yes.
Tell us what
you're feeling right now.
I just feel blessed, man.
I feel blessed.
This is crazier than
I thought, man.
[chuckles]
Is your family here tonight?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
they're right up there.
That's a big family.
I grew up in a blended family,
but they all played
a major part in me growing up.
I just want to thank
all you guys.
You guys raised a dreamer, man.
And we're doing it.
[cheers and applause]
Listen, dreams come true
on this stage.
And I'm--I think we're seeing
your dream come true.
I'm sorry I look like
a punk up here right now.
I'm a punkette then,
because I am literally
crying as well.
There's a new generation
with millennials,
and, like, putting out there
what is good in this world.
And I believe you are so good.
And--
Thank you so much.
I'm a fan.
Do I do this?
[both laugh]
I love it!
Simon?
You know, you got
the best reaction
for doing nothing
we've ever had on this show.
Like, you got a standing ovation
before you even performed.
And I'm thinking, am I, like,
one step behind here?
And I said to Julianne,
"Is this serious or not?"
And...
I was like, I think it is.
I'll tell you what,
the whole world
should go to your school
right now, because seriously...
[both laugh]
You got amazing energy,
I've got to tell you.
Thank you, Simon.
And I like your voice as well
and you've got a great tone.
Thank you.
I might not be
the best singer in the world,
but, man, I love to perform.
No, but I love you.
That's what matters.
I love you.
Look, Joseph,
first impressions, to me,
are everything.
And watching the reaction
you got before you even started,
like I said, was astonishing.
That was an amazing audition.
I love you.
Thank you!
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
From the moment
you walked out,
your smile is electric.
Thank you.
You know, and you walked out
with such exuberance
and such an--and--
and that's what life is.
You know, life is
a series of moments.
People at home
are talking about this moment.
People in this room
are talking about this moment!
People just want
this moment to happen!
Now, you said,
you want to leave a footprint!
Well, I'm gonna give you
the footprint you need to leave!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
♪ And all I can taste
is this moment ♪
[Kina Grannis' "Iris"]
♪ And I can breathe
is your life ♪
♪ And sooner or later
it's over ♪
♪ I just don't want
to miss you tonight ♪
♪ And I don't want
the world to see me ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't think
that they'd understand ♪
Yeah! [laughing]
♪ When everything's
meant to be broken ♪
[chuckles]
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
You're the best, man.
Joseph Allen, how do you feel?
Bro, this is crazy, man!
This is--this is craz--
this is a moment I have
dreamed of for a long time.
This is like nothing
I ever imagined before.
Thank you guys so much, like...
Joseph Allen, everybody!
Give it up!
[crowd chanting]
Joseph! Joseph! Joseph!
♪ I just want you
to know who I am ♪
Oh, man.
You're wonderful.
This is a great moment.
And I'm so happy
to be a small part of it.
Oh, my God.
Yes, sir.
♪ Know who I am ♪
.
Oh, my God, this is
a blast from the past.
How are you?
Good to see you again.
Good to see you too.
You blew us away
on "Champions."
Who's gonna be performing?
all: Us.
We are a dance group
from Ukraine.
We all saw Light Balance
on "America's Got Talent."
For me, it was magic.
And I was like,
"I wanna do that."
I am Mykyta,
and two years ago,
I was here
on "America's Got Talent"
as a part of Light Balance.
It changed our lives.
[dramatic music]
But life in Ukraine
is still hard.
There is a lot of war
and a lot of conflict.
[bombs popping]
And our children are suffering.
Many have lost their homes
and have been separated
from their families.
But even in the darkest moments,
you can find light.
And so I decided to create
Light Balance Kids.
I want to give the next
generation of dancers hope.
We're so excited that
we've got this chance.
Winning "America's Got Talent"
would mean to us that
any dream can really come true.
[rousing music]
[cheers and applause]
Hello.
Hi.
Who are you?
We are Light Balance Kids.
Wait a second.
The Light Balance that we know
from "America's Got Talent"?
Yeah.
I love Light Balance!
Do you remember?
I'm intrigued.
So Light Balance is one of
my favorite acts of all time
on "America's Got Talent."
I can't wait to see what
the Light Balance Kids
are about to do.
Light up our stage.
Thank you.
[cheers and applause]
Isn't she adorable?
They're so stinking cute.
[scattered cheers]
I hope I like this.
[electrical crackling]
[electronic music playing]
[electrical hissing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[electrical whoosh]
♪ ♪
[dramatic music playing]
[cheers and applause]
[Queen's "Another One
Bites The Dust" plays]
♪ Let's go!
there are plenty of ways ♪
♪ That you can hurt a man ♪
♪ And bring him to the ground ♪
♪ You can beat him
you can cheat him ♪
♪ You can treat him bad
and leave him when he's down ♪
Oh!
♪ But I'm ready
yes I'm ready for you ♪
♪ I'm standing on
my own two feet ♪
♪ Out of the doorway
the bullets rip ♪
♪ Repeating to the
sound of the beat ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ Another bites the dust ♪
♪ And another one gone
and another one gone ♪
♪ Another one
bites the dust ♪
♪ Hey I'm gonna get you too ♪
♪ Another bites the dust ♪
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
[ambient music plays]
[beeping]
Ready for takeoff.
♪ ♪
[Queen's "Another One Bites
the Dust" remixed playing]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
[wild cheering]
[Take That's "Everlasting"]
It's all kids.
There's a gang of them.
Look at these little nuggets!
♪ ♪
Gabrielle,
what did you think?
I have no words other than,
oh, my go-oh-wow!
What in the world?
Great job!
Thank you.
Julianne?
The technicality
that you have to have
going in the dark
and finding your space
and making everything
so seamless,
your skill is of the level
of an adult.
Thank you.
You're amazing.
♪ We're all stars
when we're dancing ♪
Simon?
I was actually amazed,
Howie, when I saw
all of them at the end...
Yeah.
Because I did believe the rest
were gonna be grown-ups.
So when I saw the ninja
little army in front of me,
now I know who you are,
I like you even more.
Amazing.
Thank you.
We're gonna vote now.
Gabrielle?
So I'm gonna give you guys
your first yes.
[cheers and applause]
Julianne?
Yes!
Simon?
You I'm gonna remember.
It's three yeses.
And there's four yeses!
♪ Baby when the lights
go out we'll be dancing ♪
♪ Even when the sky
falls down we'll be dancing ♪
♪ Never running out of time
everlasting ♪
That was amazing
and insane and incredible!
Amazing.
I absolutely love them.
Auditions for next season
are happening now.
Go to AGTauditions.com
or join us in person
in Dallas,
Louisville, New York,
or a city near you.
Those two words "got talent"
behind you mean nothing
if we don't find people
like you.
This could be your moment.
[rousing music]
.
[microphone feedback screeches]
Listen, you hear that?
[suspenseful music]
Okay, here we go
in five, four, three...
♪ ♪
[rousing music]
There's so many people
getting ready.
[cheers and applause]
There's cameras everywhere.
♪ ♪
Oh, my gosh.
Can you hear that?
Oh, that's a crowd.
Are you excited?
There's a crowd.
Yes.
Do you hear that?
Two minutes will
change your life forever.
You hear the--
Do you hear the judges?
We ask the acts
to come out and wow us.
At the end of the day, this
is the world's largest stage.
You could have added
a little something
to make it more exciting.
So come back next year.
♪ ♪
How you feeling, Kodi?
I'm feeling so good!
Yeah?
Yeah.
You excited?
I'm happy-nervous.
[chuckles] Happy-nervous.
Three, two...
[cheers and applause]
Hi!
Welcome.
Hello!
Welcome to
"America's Got Talent."
What's your name?
I'm Kodi.
Hi, Kodi.
I'm Kodi Lee!
How old are you?
I am 22 years old.
Yeah.
Who are you, miss?
Who are you?
I'm Mom.
Oh, hi, Mom.
I'm Tina Lee.
Hi, Tina.
How are you?
So what are you gonna
do here for us today?
I'm gonna sing a song for you
on the piano.
I love it.
Tina, tell us
a little bit about Kodi.
Kodi is blind and autistic.
Oh.
Wow.
We found out that
he loved music really early on.
He listened
and his eyes just went huge.
And he started singing.
And that's when I just--
I was in tears,
'cause that's when I realized,
oh, my gosh,
he's an entertainer.
So...
Yeah.
Through
music and performing,
he was able to withstand
living in this world,
because when you're autistic,
it's really hard
to do what everybody else does.
It actually has saved his life,
playing music.
Wow.
Aw, that's awesome.
[cheers and applause]
Well, we'd love to hear you.
Go for it.
You ready?
I'm ready!
[laughter]
[cheers and applause]
[indistinct cheering]
Go, Kodi!
This is your time, okay?
There's gonna be, like,
20 film cameras on you.
Ready?
Yeah.
Go, boom.
[playing Leon Russell's
"A Song for You"]
♪ ♪
♪ I been so many places
in my life and time ♪
♪ I've sung a lot of songs ♪
♪ And I've made
some bad rhymes ♪
♪ I've acted out my life
in stages ♪
♪ 10,000 people watching yeah ♪
♪ But we're alone now ♪
♪ And I'm singing this
song to you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I love you in a place ♪
♪ Where there's
no space or time ♪
♪ I love you for my life ♪
♪ You're a friend of mine ♪
♪ But when my life is over ♪
♪ Remember
when we're together ♪
♪ We're alone now ♪
♪ And I'm singing
this song to you ♪
[inhales sharply]
♪ We're alone now ♪
♪ And I'm singing this song ♪
♪ To you ♪
[cheers and applause]
[Calum Scott's
"You Are the Reason"]
♪ There goes
my heart beating ♪
♪ 'Cause you are the reason ♪
Yes!
[all cheer]
Yes! Yes!
♪ Please come back now ♪
[cheers and applause]
♪ There goes
my mind racing ♪
I can't stop crying.
That's all for you, baby.
It's all for you.
♪ I'm hopeless now ♪
Howie?
Well, first of all,
I will tell you that
all four judges
and everybody in this room
were up on their feet,
I will tell you that.
You gotta know that.
[laughs]
You were wonderful.
Not only do we feel
the authenticity of what you do,
but you're a great inspiration
and a great talent.
And it was amazing!
Thank you so much.
Julianne?
♪ ♪
I know, um,
everybody needs
a voice and an expression.
And I really feel your--
your heart, your passion.
Your voice blew all of us away,
so I just want to say that
I heard you and I felt you
and that was beautiful.
Thank you!
Simon?
Listen,
what just happened there
was extraordinary,
I mean, really extraordinary.
I don't know what it's like
to live in Kodi's world.
All I can tell is is that
you obviously--you have
an amazing relationship,
the two of you.
And your voice is
absolutely fantastic.
You have a really
beautiful tone.
And thank you so much
for trusting us on this show.
I'm gonna remember this moment
for the rest of my life.
Thank you.
I'm a new judge this season,
and I'm also a new mom
this year.
And...
Congratulations.
It's the toughest job
I've ever had,
and the most rewarding job
I've ever had.
You just want to give your kids
the moon, the stars,
and the rainbows.
And tonight,
I'm gonna give you...
[cheers and applause]
Something special.
[laughs] Oh, my--
[drum roll]
♪ I'd climb every mountain ♪
♪ And swim every ocean ♪
both: ♪ Just to be with you ♪
[all cheering]
both: ♪ And fix
what I've broken ♪
♪ ♪
♪ 'Cause I need you ♪
♪ To see ♪
♪ That you are
the reason ♪
♪ I don't
want to fight no more ♪
♪ I don't want
to hide no more ♪
♪ I don't want to cry no more ♪
♪ Come back
I need you to hold me ♪
♪ You are the reason ♪
♪ A little closer now ♪
Oh, my God!
Oh, yeah!
♪ Come a little closer now ♪
♪ I need you to
hold me tonight ♪
Kodi Lee, you have got
the Golden Buzzer
from Gabrielle Union!
You will be going all the way
to the live shows in Hollywood!
♪ You are the reason ♪
♪ I don't want
to fight no more ♪
♪ I don't want to
hide no more ♪
♪ I don't want
to cry no more ♪
♪ Come back
I need you to hold me ♪
Okay, this is Simon.
Here's Simon.
It's Simon.
I'm so proud of you.
Wow.
That was quite amazing.
Thank you.
♪ I need you
to hold me tonight ♪
Kodi Lee!
Golden Buzzer!
[both laugh]
♪ To see ♪
You just changed the world.
Yeah.
You just changed
the world, kid.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org